@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.4 2014/06/01 16:35:36 wiz Exp $
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Okuda Bold Italic.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Okuda Bold.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Okuda Italic.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Okuda.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert Black Italic.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert Black.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert Bold Italic.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert Bold.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert Italic.otf
share/fonts/X11/OTF/Probert.otf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Fontana Bold Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Fontana Bold.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Fontana Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Fontana.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Jefferies Bold Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Jefferies Bold.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Jefferies Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Jefferies.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Montalban Condensed Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Montalban Condensed.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Montalban Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Montalban.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Roddenberry Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Roddenberry.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Sternbach Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Sternbach Outline Italic.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Sternbach Outline.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Sternbach.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Tellarite.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Trek Arrowcaps.ttf
share/fonts/X11/TTF/Trek Arrowheads.ttf
