The package contains the Antykwa Poltawskiego family of fonts
in the PostScript Type 1 and OpenType formats. The original
font was designed in the twenties of the XX century by the
Polish typographer Adam Poltawski(1881-1952). Following the
route set out by the Latin Modern and TeX Gyre projects
(http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry), the Antykwa
Poltawskiego digitisation project aims at providing a rich
collection of diacritical characters in the attempt to cover as
many Latin-based scripts as possible. To our knowledge, the
repertoire of characters covers all European languages as well
as some other Latin-based alphabets such as Vietnamese and
Navajo; at the request of users, recent extensions (following
the enhancement of the Latin Modern collection) provide glyphs
sufficient for typesetting of romanized transliterations of
Arabic and Sanskrit scripts. The Antykwa Poltawskiego family
consists of 4 weights (light, normal, medium, bold), each
having upright and italic forms and one of 5 design sizes: 6,
8, 10, 12 and 17pt. Altogether, the collection comprises 40
font files, containing the same repertoire of 1126 characters.
The preliminary version of Antykwa Poltawskiego (antp package)
released in 2000 is rendered obsolete by this package.
