The TeX-GYRE bundle consists of six font families: TeX Gyre Adventor
is based on the URW Gothic L family of fonts (which is derived from
ITC Avant Garde Gothic, designed by Herb Lubalin and Tom Carnase).
TeX Gyre Bonum is based on the URW Bookman L family (from Bookman
Old Style, designed by Alexander Phemister). TeX Gyre Chorus is
based on URW Chancery L Medium Italic (from ITC Zapf Chancery,
designed by Hermann Zapf in 1979). TeX-Gyre Cursor is based on URW
Nimbus Mono L (based on Courier, designed by Howard G. Kettler in
1955, for IBM). TeX Gyre Heros is based on URW Nimbus Sans L (from
Helvetica, prepared by Max Miedinger, with Eduard Hoffmann in 1957).
TeX Gyre Pagella is based on URW Palladio L (from Palatino, designed
by Hermann Zapf in the 1940s). TeX Gyre Schola is based on the URW
Century Schoolbook L family (which was designed by Morris Fuller
Benton for the American Type Founders). TeX Gyre Termes is based
on the URW Nimbus Roman No9 L family of fonts (whose original,
Times, was designed by Stanley Morison together with Starling
Burgess and Victor Lardent and first offered by Monotype). The
constituent standard faces of each family have been greatly extended,
and contain nearly 1100 glyphs each (though Chorus omits Greek
support, has no small-caps family and has approximately 800 glyphs).
Each family is available in Adobe Type 1 and Open Type formats,
and LaTeX support (for use with a variety of encodings) is provided.
Vietnamese characters were added by Han The Thanh.
