@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.1 2017/08/17 01:17:16 gavan Exp $
gopkg/pkg/${GO_PLATFORM}/github.com/russross/blackfriday.a
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/LICENSE.txt
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/README.md
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/block.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/block_test.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/html.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/inline.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/inline_test.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/latex.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/markdown.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/ref_test.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/smartypants.go
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Amps and angle encoding.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Amps and angle encoding.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Auto links.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Auto links.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Backslash escapes.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Backslash escapes.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Blockquotes with code blocks.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Blockquotes with code blocks.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Code Blocks.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Code Blocks.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Code Spans.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Code Spans.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Hard-wrapped paragraphs with list-like lines no empty line before block.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Hard-wrapped paragraphs with list-like lines no empty line before block.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Hard-wrapped paragraphs with list-like lines.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Hard-wrapped paragraphs with list-like lines.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Horizontal rules.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Horizontal rules.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML (Advanced).html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML (Advanced).text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML (Simple).html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML (Simple).text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML comments.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Inline HTML comments.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, inline style.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, inline style.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, reference style.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, reference style.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, shortcut references.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Links, shortcut references.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Literal quotes in titles.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Literal quotes in titles.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Markdown Documentation - Basics.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Markdown Documentation - Basics.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Markdown Documentation - Syntax.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Markdown Documentation - Syntax.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Nested blockquotes.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Nested blockquotes.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Ordered and unordered lists.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Ordered and unordered lists.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Strong and em together.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Strong and em together.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Tabs.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Tabs.text
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Tidyness.html
gopkg/src/github.com/russross/blackfriday/testdata/Tidyness.text
@pkgdir bin
