SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read this entire agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of 
this agreement, you are not granted license to use this software.

LICENSE:
* This Limited Use Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a 
legal agreement between you ("Licensee"), the end-user, and Cardboard 
Nu.  

By using this software or storing this program on a computer hard drive 
(or other media), you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement.  

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, and you have 
registered this software, you may delete the software from all storage 
media and receive a full refund from the vendor. 

* You may install this program to test and evaluate if it suits your 
needs and you wish to purchase it. The evaluation period is limited to 
thirty calendar days. At the end of the evaluation period you must 
either register this software or delete the software from all storage 
media.

* This software is distributed as an installable package. This 
installable package may be distributed freely on online services, 
bulletin boards, or other electronic media as long as the installable 
package is distributed without modification. This installable package 
may not be distributed on CD-ROM, disk, or other physical media for a 
fee without the permission of Cardboard Nu.

You may not distribute any program or data file that the installable 
package creates. 

* You may not alter this software in any way, including changing or 
removing any messages or windows.  

* You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise 
reduce this software to a human perceivable form. You may not modify, 
rent or resell for profit this software, or create derivative works 
based upon this software.  

You may not publicize or distribute any registration code algorithms, 
information, or registration codes used by this software without 
permission of Cardboard Nu.

COPYRIGHT:
* Cardboard Schedule is Copyright Cardboard Nu. You must treat the 
Software like any other copyrighted material.

=========================================
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS". ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID.

THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT TOLERANT AND SHOULD NOT BE USED IN ANY 
ENVIRONMENT WHICH REQUIRES THIS, SUCH AS ON-LINE CONTROL OF AIRCRAFT.

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CARDBOARD NU'S 
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR CLAIMS 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR IN TORT, WILL BE 
LIMITED TO THE FEES PAID BY LICENSEE FOR SOFTWARE WHICH IS THE SUBJECT 
MATTER OF THE CLAIMS. IN NO EVENT WILL CARDBOARD NU BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE IN 
CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING LOSS OF 
BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE), 
HOWEVER IT ARISES, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR IN TORT, EVEN IF CARDBOARD NU 
HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES WILL BE LIMITED AND EXCLUDED, EVEN IF ANY 
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL 
PURPOSE.


ADDITIONAL LICENSE CONDITIONS:

This software includes the Java Foundation Classes library from Sun 
Microsystems, Inc (“Sun”). Sun requires that the terms contained in the 
following paragraphs, numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 be included in 
the terms of the Agreement between Licensee and Cardboard Nu. For the 
purposes of these paragraphs, “Software” refers to the Java Foundation 
Classes version 1.1 Binary.

1. Restrictions. Software is confidential copyrighted information of 
Sun and title to all copies is retained by Sun and/or its licensors. 
Licensee shall not decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, or 
otherwise reverse engineer Software. Software may not be leased, 
assigned, or sublicensed, in whole or in part. Software is not designed 
or intended for use in on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, 
aircraft navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, 
construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. 
Licensee warrants that it will not use or redistribute the Software for 
such purposes.

2. Trademarks and Logos. This Agreement does not authorize Licensee to 
use any Sun name, trademark or logo. Licensee acknowledges that Sun 
owns the Java trademark and all Java-related trademarks, logos and 
icons including the Coffee Cup and Duke ("Java Marks") and agrees to: 
(i) comply with the Java Trademark Guidelines at 
http://java.sun.com/trademarks.html; (ii) not do anything harmful to or 
inconsistent with Sun's rights in the Java Marks; and (iii) assist Sun 
in protecting those rights, including assigning to Sun any rights 
acquired by Licensee in any Java Mark.

3. Disclaimer of Warranty. Software is provided "AS IS," without a 
warranty of any kind. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED. 

4. Limitation of Liability.  SUN AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF 
USING OR DISTRIBUTING SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS LICENSORS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, 
HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT 
OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. Termination.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by 
destroying all copies of Software. This Agreement will terminate 
immediately without notice from Sun if Licensee fails to comply with 
any provision of this Agreement. Upon such termination, Licensee must 
destroy all copies of Software in its possession.

6. Export Regulations. Software, including technical data, is subject 
to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration 
Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or 
import regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to comply 
strictly with all such regulations and acknowledges that it has the 
responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import 
Software. Software may not be downloaded, or otherwise exported or re-
exported (i) into, or to a national or resident of, Cuba, Iraq, Iran, 
North Korea, Libya, Sudan, Syria or any country to which the U.S. has 
embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's 
list of Specially Designated Nations or the U.S. Commerce Department's 
Table of Denial Orders.

7. Restricted Rights. Use, duplication or disclosure by the United 
States government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in the 
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software Clauses in DFARS 
252.227-7013(c) (1) (ii) and FAR 52.227-19(c) (2) as applicable. 

