$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q4,v 1.1.2.7 2018/01/19 22:15:22 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #5664 - requested by he
devel/gnustep-objc: build fix

Pullup ticket #5665 - requested by tsutsui
inputmethod/mozc-server: build fix

Pullup ticket #5666 - requested by tsutsui
net/sayaka: build fix

Pullup ticket #5667 - requested by bacon
devel/netcdf: build fix

Pullup ticket #5668 - requested by bsiegert
math/nickle: build fix

Pullup ticket #5669 - requested by bsiegert
net/go-net: build fix

Pullup ticket #5671 - requested by snj
net/rsync: security patch

Pullup ticket #5672 - requested by dholland
lang/micropython: build fix

Pullup ticket #5673 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5674 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5675 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5676 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #5677 - requested by taca
converters/php-iconv: reset PKGREVISION
databases/php-pdo_sqlite: reset PKGREVISION
textproc/php-intl: reset PKGREVISION
textproc/php-json: reset PKGREVISION

chat/irssi: security update
chat/irssi-icb: dependent update
chat/irssi-xmpp: dependent update

Pullup ticket #5679 - requested by wiz
devel/global: security update

Pullup ticket #5680 - requested by maya
security/sudo: function fix

Pullup ticket #5681 - requested by he
fonts/fontconfig: build fix

Pullup ticket #5682 - requested by maya
cross/cross-libtool-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #5683 - requested by wiz
net/transmission: security update
net/transmission-qt: security update
net/transmission-gtk: security update

Pullup ticket #5684 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security update

Pullup ticket #5685 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security update

Pullup ticket #5686 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security update

