@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.33 2016/06/08 14:44:54 asau Exp $
bin/chicken
bin/chicken-bug
bin/chicken-install
bin/chicken-profile
bin/chicken-status
bin/chicken-uninstall
bin/csc
bin/csi
bin/feathers
include/chicken/chicken-config.h
include/chicken/chicken.h
lib/chicken/8/chicken.import.so
lib/chicken/8/csi.import.so
lib/chicken/8/data-structures.import.so
lib/chicken/8/extras.import.so
lib/chicken/8/files.import.so
lib/chicken/8/foreign.import.so
lib/chicken/8/irregex.import.so
lib/chicken/8/lolevel.import.so
lib/chicken/8/ports.import.so
lib/chicken/8/posix.import.so
lib/chicken/8/setup-api.import.so
lib/chicken/8/setup-api.so
lib/chicken/8/setup-download.import.so
lib/chicken/8/setup-download.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-1.import.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-13.import.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-14.import.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-18.import.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-4.import.so
lib/chicken/8/srfi-69.import.so
lib/chicken/8/tcp.import.so
lib/chicken/8/types.db
lib/chicken/8/utils.import.so
lib/libchicken.a
lib/libchicken.so
lib/libchicken.so.8
man/man1/chicken-bug.1
man/man1/chicken-install.1
man/man1/chicken-profile.1
man/man1/chicken-status.1
man/man1/chicken-uninstall.1
man/man1/chicken.1
man/man1/csc.1
man/man1/csi.1
man/man1/feathers.1
share/chicken/feathers.tcl
share/chicken/setup.defaults
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/LICENSE
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/README
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Accessing external objects.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Acknowledgements.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Basic mode of operation.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bibliography.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Bugs and limitations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/C interface.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Callbacks.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Cross development.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Data representation.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Debugging.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Declarations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deployment.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Deviations from the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Embedding.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Exceptions.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions to the standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Extensions.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Foreign type specifiers.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Getting started.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Interface to external functions and variables.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Locations.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Macros.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Modules.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Non-standard macros and special forms.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Non-standard read syntax.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Other support procedures.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Parameters.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Supported language.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/The R5RS standard.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/The User's Manual.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Types.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit data-structures.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit eval.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit expand.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit extras.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit files.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit irregex.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit library.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit lolevel.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit ports.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit posix.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-1.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-13.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-14.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-18.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-4.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit srfi-69.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit tcp.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Unit utils.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the compiler.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/Using the interpreter.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/chicken.png
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/faq.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/index.html
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/manual/manual.css
