@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.1 2016/06/20 08:17:42 kamil Exp $
bin/ardour4
${PLIST.dummy}bin/ardour4-export
lib/ardour4/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour4/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/reasonablesynth.so
lib/ardour4/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/reasonablesynth.ttl
lib/ardour4/${PKGNAME}.0
lib/ardour4/ardour-exec-wrapper
lib/ardour4/ardour-vst-scanner
${PLIST.alsa}lib/ardour4/backends/libalsa_audiobackend.so
${PLIST.dummy}lib/ardour4/backends/libdummy_audiobackend.so
${PLIST.jack}lib/ardour4/backends/libjack_audiobackend.so
lib/ardour4/engines/libclearlooks.so
lib/ardour4/h${PKGNAME}.0
lib/ardour4/libardour.so
lib/ardour4/libardour.so.3
lib/ardour4/libardour.so.3.0.0
${PLIST.alsa}lib/ardour4/libardouralsautil.so
${PLIST.alsa}lib/ardour4/libardouralsautil.so.0
${PLIST.alsa}lib/ardour4/libardouralsautil.so.0.0.1
lib/ardour4/libardourcp.so
lib/ardour4/libaudiographer.so
lib/ardour4/libaudiographer.so.0
lib/ardour4/libaudiographer.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour4/libcanvas.so
lib/ardour4/libcanvas.so.0
lib/ardour4/libcanvas.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour4/libevoral.so
lib/ardour4/libevoral.so.0
lib/ardour4/libevoral.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour4/libgtkmm2ext.so
lib/ardour4/libgtkmm2ext.so.0
lib/ardour4/libgtkmm2ext.so.0.8.3
lib/ardour4/libmidipp.so
lib/ardour4/libmidipp.so.4
lib/ardour4/libmidipp.so.4.1.0
lib/ardour4/libpbd.so
lib/ardour4/libpbd.so.4
lib/ardour4/libpbd.so.4.1.0
lib/ardour4/libptformat.so
lib/ardour4/libptformat.so.0
lib/ardour4/libptformat.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour4/libqmdsp.so
lib/ardour4/libqmdsp.so.0
lib/ardour4/libqmdsp.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour4/libtimecode.so
lib/ardour4/panners/libpan1in2out.so
lib/ardour4/panners/libpan2in2out.so
lib/ardour4/panners/libpanbalance.so
lib/ardour4/panners/libpanvbap.so
lib/ardour4/sanityCheck
lib/ardour4/surfaces/libardour_faderport.so
lib/ardour4/surfaces/libardour_generic_midi.so
lib/ardour4/surfaces/libardour_mcp.so
lib/ardour4/surfaces/libardour_osc.so
${PLIST.dummy}lib/ardour4/utils/ardour-util.sh
${PLIST.dummy}lib/ardour4/utils/ardour4-export
lib/ardour4/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so
lib/ardour4/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so.0
lib/ardour4/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so.0.0.0
share/ardour4/ArdourMono.ttf
share/ardour4/export/CD (Red Book).format
share/ardour4/export/CD + DVD-A.preset
share/ardour4/export/CD + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/CD + FLAC.preset
share/ardour4/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis.preset
share/ardour4/export/CD only.preset
share/ardour4/export/DVD-A only.preset
share/ardour4/export/DVD-A.format
share/ardour4/export/FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/FLAC 24 bit (tagged).format
share/ardour4/export/FLAC 24 bit .format
share/ardour4/export/FLAC.preset
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).format
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC.preset
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis .preset
share/ardour4/export/Ogg_Vorbis.format
share/ardour4/export/Ring Tone.format
share/ardour4/icons/act-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/add.png
share/ardour4/icons/anchored_trim_left_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/anchored_trim_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/application-x-ardour_16px.png
share/ardour4/icons/application-x-ardour_22px.png
share/ardour4/icons/application-x-ardour_32px.png
share/ardour4/icons/application-x-ardour_48px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour-app-icon_osx.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour-app-icon_osx_mask.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_16px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_22px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_256px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_32px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_48px.png
share/ardour4/icons/ardour_icon_512px.png
share/ardour4/icons/chord.png
share/ardour4/icons/close.png
share/ardour4/icons/computer_keyboard.png
share/ardour4/icons/computer_keyboard_active.png
share/ardour4/icons/eighthnote.png
share/ardour4/icons/expand_left_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/expand_up_down_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/fade_in_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/fade_out_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-S1.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-S2.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-constant-power.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-fast-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-linear.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-long-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-short-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-slow-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadein-symmetric.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-S1.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-S2.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-constant-power.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-fast-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-linear.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-long-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-short-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-slow-cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/fadeout-symmetric.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_desensitised.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h_desensitised.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h_medium.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h_medium_desensitised.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h_thin.png
share/ardour4/icons/fader_belt_h_thin_desensitised.png
share/ardour4/icons/faderport-small.png
share/ardour4/icons/ferret_02.png
share/ardour4/icons/forte.png
share/ardour4/icons/fortissimo.png
share/ardour4/icons/fortississimo.png
share/ardour4/icons/grabber.png
share/ardour4/icons/grabber_edit_point.png
share/ardour4/icons/grabber_note.png
share/ardour4/icons/halfnote.png
share/ardour4/icons/hide.png
share/ardour4/icons/i_beam_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/join_tools.png
share/ardour4/icons/knob.png
share/ardour4/icons/metronome.png
share/ardour4/icons/mezzforte.png
share/ardour4/icons/mezzoforte.png
share/ardour4/icons/mezzopiano.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi-input-active.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi-input-inactive.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_panic.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_socket_small.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_sound_notes.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_tool_erase.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_tool_pencil.png
share/ardour4/icons/midi_tool_select.png
share/ardour4/icons/move_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/mute-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/mute-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/muted-by-others.png
share/ardour4/icons/nudge_left.png
share/ardour4/icons/nudge_right.png
share/ardour4/icons/padlock_closed.png
share/ardour4/icons/padlock_open.png
share/ardour4/icons/pianissimo.png
share/ardour4/icons/pianississimo.png
share/ardour4/icons/piano.png
share/ardour4/icons/quarternote.png
share/ardour4/icons/rec-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/rec-in-progress.png
share/ardour4/icons/record-normal-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/record-normal-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/record-normal-in-progress.png
share/ardour4/icons/record-step.png
share/ardour4/icons/record_disabled_grey.png
share/ardour4/icons/record_normal_red.png
share/ardour4/icons/record_tape_red.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_bottom_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_bottom_left_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_bottom_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_left_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_top_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_top_left_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/resize_top_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/sae.png
share/ardour4/icons/scissors.png
share/ardour4/icons/sixteenthnote.png
share/ardour4/icons/sixtyfourthnote.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-isolate-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-isolate-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-isolated.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-safe-disabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-safe-enabled.png
share/ardour4/icons/solo-safe-icon.png
share/ardour4/icons/soloed-by-others.png
share/ardour4/icons/soundcloud.png
share/ardour4/icons/step-editing.png
share/ardour4/icons/strip_width.png
share/ardour4/icons/tav_exp.png
share/ardour4/icons/tav_shrink.png
share/ardour4/icons/thirtysecondnote.png
share/ardour4/icons/time_exp.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_audition.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_content.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_cut.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_gain.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_note.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_object.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_object_range.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_range.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_stretch.png
share/ardour4/icons/tool_zoom.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_end.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_loop.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_play.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_range.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_record.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_start.png
share/ardour4/icons/transport_stop.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_bottom_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_left_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_left_cursor_5.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_left_cursor_right_only.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_right_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_right_cursor_5.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_right_cursor_left_only.png
share/ardour4/icons/trim_top_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/wholenote.png
share/ardour4/icons/zoom_full.png
share/ardour4/icons/zoom_in.png
share/ardour4/icons/zoom_in_cursor.png
share/ardour4/icons/zoom_out.png
share/ardour4/icons/zoom_out_cursor.png
share/ardour4/mcp/SSL Nucleus Ardour.profile
share/ardour4/mcp/bcf2000.device
share/ardour4/mcp/cmc.device
share/ardour4/mcp/mc+xt+xt.device
share/ardour4/mcp/mc+xt.device
share/ardour4/mcp/mc.device
share/ardour4/mcp/mcpro.device
share/ardour4/mcp/mcproxt.device
share/ardour4/mcp/midikbd.device
share/ardour4/mcp/nucleus-platform-midi.device
share/ardour4/mcp/nucleus.device
share/ardour4/mcp/qcon.device
share/ardour4/mcp/user.profile
share/ardour4/mcp/x-touch-compact.device
share/ardour4/mcp/x-touch.device
share/ardour4/mcp/xt+mc+xt.device
share/ardour4/mcp/xt+mc.device
share/ardour4/mcp/xt+xt+mc.device
share/ardour4/midi_maps/AKAI_MPK61.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/AKAI_MPKmini.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/DDX3216.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL2.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL2_With_Master.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL_Master.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Korg_taktile.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/M-Audio_Axiom25.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/M-Audio_Axiom61.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/M-Audio_Oxygen49.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Novation Impulse 49.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Novation_Impulse61.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Novation_LaunchControl_XL.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Novation_LaunchKey25.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Roland_SI-24.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Roland_V_Studio_20.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/Yamaha_KX25.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/bcf2000.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/bcf2000_mackie.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/m-audio_oxygen25.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/m-audio_oxygen8v2.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/midikb_wiimote.map
share/ardour4/midi_maps/xboard-61.map
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Alesis_DM5.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Alesis_NanoBass.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Alesis_NanoPiano.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Alesis_QS78.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Casio_CZ-1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Clavia_Nord_Lead_II.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/DSI_Evolver.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/DSI_Mopho.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/DSI_Tetra.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Digidesign_MP1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Dynacord_DRP-20X.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/E-mu_Mo_Phatt.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/E-mu_Orbit-3.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/E-mu_Proteus_2000.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/E-mu_XL-1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Eventide_Eclipse.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Gotharmoon_deMoon.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Jomox_MBase_11.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_ER-1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Karma.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_MS2000R.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_MicroKORG.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_NX5R.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Radias.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_TR_Workstation.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Trinity_Track.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Triton.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Triton_Rack.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Bass.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Beats.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Keys.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Kurzweil_Mark-12-152.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Kurzweil_PX_Plus.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Kurzweil_SP88x.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Lexicon_MX300.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Line_6_EchoPro.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Line_6_FilterPro.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Line_6_ModPro.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Line_6_POD.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/MFB_503.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/MIDI.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Moog_MF-104M_Analog_Delay.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Moog_MF-108M_Cluster_Flux.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Moog_Minitaur.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Nord_Modular.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Novation_A-Station.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Novation_DrumStation.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Novation_Nova.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Novation_Super_BassStation.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Peavey_DPM-V3.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_Fantom-Xa.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_Fantom.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_FantomX8.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_FantomXR.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_GR-1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_GR-33.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_JP-8080.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_JV-1010.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_JV-1080.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_JV-2080.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_Juno-106.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_M-BD1.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_RD-250s.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_RD-600.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_RD-700sx.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_RS-9.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_SC-88_Pro.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_SH-32.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_V-Synth-GT.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_XV-2020.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_XV-3080.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_XV-5080.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Roland_XV-88.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Sequential_Circuits_Prophet_600.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/TC_Electronic_M3000.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Waldorf_Blofeld.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Waldorf_Micro_Q.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_DX-7.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_EX-5.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_MM6.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_MOTIF-RACK_ES.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_MOTIF_XS.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_MU10XG.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR-275.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR-S900.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR540.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_S90.midnam
share/ardour4/patchfiles/Yamaha_Tyros2.midnam
share/ardour4/pixmaps/forwardblarrow.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/h_meter_strip.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/hiin.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/hiout.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/hslider00.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/hslider01.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/left_arrow.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/linin.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/linout.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/loin.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/loop.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/loout.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/lr.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/regin.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/regin2.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/regout.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/regout2.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/revdblarrow.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/right_arrow.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/set-next-button.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/small-round-button-01.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/small_x.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/toggle-button-00.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/toggle-button-01.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_audition.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_gain.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_object.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_range.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_stretch.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/tool_zoom.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/v_meter_strip.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/vslider00.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/vslider01.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/vslider02_rail.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/vslider02_slider.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/vslider_slider_16wide.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/zoom_full.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/zoom_in.xpm
share/ardour4/pixmaps/zoom_out.xpm
share/ardour4/small-splash.png
share/ardour4/splash.png
share/examples/ardour4/ardour.menus
share/examples/ardour4/clearlooks.rc
share/examples/ardour4/dark.colors
share/examples/ardour4/default_ui_config
share/examples/ardour4/export/CD.format
share/examples/ardour4/mixer.bindings
share/examples/ardour4/mnemonic-us.bindings
share/examples/ardour4/step_editing.bindings
share/examples/ardour4/system_config
share/examples/ardour4/trx.menus
