@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.20 2016/02/24 17:39:18 ryoon Exp $
bin/fotoxx
man/man1/fotoxx.1
share/appdata/fotoxx.appdata.xml
share/applications/fotoxx.desktop
share/doc/fotoxx/README-ca
share/doc/fotoxx/README-en
share/doc/fotoxx/README-es
share/doc/fotoxx/changelog.gz
share/doc/fotoxx/copyright
share/doc/fotoxx/fotoxx.man
share/fotoxx/data/KB-shortcuts-ca
share/fotoxx/data/KB-shortcuts-en
share/fotoxx/data/KB-shortcuts-es
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/blur5
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/denoise3
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/emboss3
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/emboss5
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/outlines5
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/sharpen3
share/fotoxx/data/custom_kernel/sharpen5
share/fotoxx/data/edit-menus-ca
share/fotoxx/data/edit-menus-en
share/fotoxx/data/edit-menus-es
share/fotoxx/data/favorites/menu-config
share/fotoxx/data/images/F-menu.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/G-menu.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/HDF-paint.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/HDR-adjust.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/KBshortcuts1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/KBshortcuts2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/W-menu.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/add-lines.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/add-text.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/add-text2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/adjust-HSL.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/adjust-RGB.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/adjust-britedist.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/albums.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/albums1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/albums2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/albums3.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/anti_alias.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/areas.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/arrow31.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/auto-trim.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-add-change-metadata.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-add-geotags.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-add-tags.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-convert-raw.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-convert.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-delete-trash.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-report-metadata1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-report-metadata2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch-upright.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/batch.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/bend.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/bookmarks1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/bookmarks2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/bottom.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/brightness steps.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/brightness-ramp.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/burn_DVD.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/cartoon.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/choosemap.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/color-drawing.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/color_fringes.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/color_ramp.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/colorchart.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/combine.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/create-images-file.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/custom-kernel.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/denoise.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/denoise2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/directed-blur.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/dots.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/dots2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/down.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/edit-any-metadata.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/edit-geotags.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/edit-metadata.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/edit-translation.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/edit.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/effects.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/embossing.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/embossing2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/favorites.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/favorites1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/favorites2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/file-save1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/file-save2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/file.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/find-dups.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/fix-perspective.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/fix-perspective2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/flatbook.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/fotoxx-views.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/gallery-select.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/gammachart-reduced.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/gammachart2.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/geotag-groups.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/graduated-blur.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/graduated-blur2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/grid-lines.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/help.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/index-image-files.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/jpeg quality.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/leverage-edits.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/line_drawing.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/magnify-image.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/make-waves.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/manage-tags.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/map-click.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup3.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup3b.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup4.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup5.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mashup6.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/match-color.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/metadata.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/mosaic.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/mosaic2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/navi-buttons.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/paint-clone.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/paint-edits.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/paint-transparency.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/panorama.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/panorama2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/pattern1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/pattern2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/plugins.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/prev_next.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/print1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/print2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/printer-cal-study.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/printer-calibrate.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/randomtags.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/remove-dust.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/rename.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/repair.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/resize.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/retouch-combo.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/save.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/script-files.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/scroll.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/search-images-metadata.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/search-images.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/search.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/select-area.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/select-finish.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/setmaprange.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/sharpen.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/sharpen4.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/shift_colors.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/show-RGB.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/sketch.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/slide-show-keys.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/slide-show.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/smart-erase.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/sort.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/sphere.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/sphere2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/stack-noise.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/stack-paint.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/stuck_pixels.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/sync.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/texture.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/texture2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/tone-mapping.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/tools.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/top.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/trim-rotate.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/unbend.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/up.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/upright.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/user-options.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/view-metadata.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/viewF.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/viewG.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/viewW.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/vignette.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/warps.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/zonal-flatten1.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/zonal-flatten2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/images/zoom+.png
share/fotoxx/data/images/zoom-.png
share/fotoxx/data/metadata_short_list
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/brick wall.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/burlap.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/canvas2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/geometry 2.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/geometry 3.jpeg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/linen-fine.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/pattern_114.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/pattern_117.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/patterns/pattern_131.jpg
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-ca.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-de.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-en.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-es.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-fr.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-it.html
share/fotoxx/data/quickstart-pt.html
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/darken high
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/darken low
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/forest
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/level
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/lighten high
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/lighten low
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/rich
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/soften
share/fotoxx/data/retouch_combo/unclip
share/fotoxx/data/slideshow-tone.oga
share/fotoxx/data/tags_defined
share/fotoxx/data/userguide-en.html
share/fotoxx/icons/albums.png
share/fotoxx/icons/areas.png
share/fotoxx/icons/batch.png
share/fotoxx/icons/bend.png
share/fotoxx/icons/blackball.png
share/fotoxx/icons/blueball.png
share/fotoxx/icons/bottom.png
share/fotoxx/icons/broken.png
share/fotoxx/icons/cancel.png
share/fotoxx/icons/choosemap.png
share/fotoxx/icons/color.png
share/fotoxx/icons/combine.png
share/fotoxx/icons/down.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/CMYK.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/HDF.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/HDR.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/RGB.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/blur.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/bright distrib.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/brigth color sat.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/brigth ramp.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/color depth.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/crop rotate.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/dots.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/drawing01.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/embossing.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/expand bright.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/fix fringes.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/fix stuck pixels.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/flatten bright.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/flip.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/gamma.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/invert.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/keystone.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/landscape.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/leverage edit.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/outlines.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/paint edits.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/paint pixels.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/painting.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/panorama.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/pencil.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/red eyes.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/reduce noise.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/remove dust.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/resize.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/sharpen.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/shiftcolors.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/smarterase.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/stacknoise.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/stackpaint.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/text.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/tiles.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/tonemapping.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/unbend.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/vert panorama.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/voodoo.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp affine.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp area.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp curved.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp linear.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/whitebalance.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit.png
share/fotoxx/icons/effects.png
share/fotoxx/icons/favorites.png
share/fotoxx/icons/file.png
share/fotoxx/icons/folder.png
share/fotoxx/icons/fotoxx.png
share/fotoxx/icons/goto.png
share/fotoxx/icons/greenball.png
share/fotoxx/icons/help.png
share/fotoxx/icons/metadata.png
share/fotoxx/icons/open.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayBC.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayBL.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayBR.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayCC.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayCL.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayCR.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayTC.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayTL.png
share/fotoxx/icons/overlayTR.png
share/fotoxx/icons/plugins.png
share/fotoxx/icons/prev_next.png
share/fotoxx/icons/redball.png
share/fotoxx/icons/repair.png
share/fotoxx/icons/rotate-180.png
share/fotoxx/icons/rotate-left.png
share/fotoxx/icons/rotate-right.png
share/fotoxx/icons/save.png
share/fotoxx/icons/scroll.png
share/fotoxx/icons/search.png
share/fotoxx/icons/separator.png
share/fotoxx/icons/setmaprange.png
share/fotoxx/icons/sort.png
share/fotoxx/icons/sync.png
share/fotoxx/icons/tools.png
share/fotoxx/icons/top.png
share/fotoxx/icons/undo_redo.png
share/fotoxx/icons/up.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewF-check.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewF.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewG-check.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewG.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewW-check.png
share/fotoxx/icons/viewW.png
share/fotoxx/icons/warning.png
share/fotoxx/icons/whiteball.png
share/fotoxx/icons/zoom+.png
share/fotoxx/icons/zoom-.png
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-ca.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-de.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-en.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-es.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-fr.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-it.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-nl.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-pt.po
share/fotoxx/locales/translate-ru.po
