@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2015/11/18 01:14:18 christos Exp $
bin/kodi
bin/kodi-standalone
bin/xbmc
bin/xbmc-standalone
include/kodi/AEChannelData.h
include/kodi/DVDDemuxPacket.h
include/kodi/kodi_audiodec_dll.h
include/kodi/kodi_audiodec_types.h
include/kodi/libKODI_guilib.h
include/kodi/libXBMC_addon.h
include/kodi/libXBMC_codec.h
include/kodi/libXBMC_pvr.h
include/kodi/xbmc_addon_cpp_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_addon_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_addon_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_audioenc_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_audioenc_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_codec_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_epg_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_pvr_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_pvr_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_scr_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_scr_types.h
include/kodi/xbmc_stream_utils.hpp
include/kodi/xbmc_vis_dll.h
include/kodi/xbmc_vis_types.h
include/xbmc
lib/kodi/addon-helpers.cmake
lib/kodi/addons/library.kodi.guilib/libKODI_guilib-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.addon/libXBMC_addon-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.codec/libXBMC_codec-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.pvr/libXBMC_pvr-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/fishbmc.vis
lib/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/opengl_spectrum.vis
lib/kodi/addons/visualization.waveform/Waveform.vis
lib/kodi/addoptions.cmake
lib/kodi/check_target_platform.cmake
lib/kodi/handle-depends.cmake
lib/kodi/kodi-config.cmake
lib/kodi/kodi-xrandr
lib/kodi/kodi.bin
lib/kodi/prepare-env.cmake
lib/kodi/system/ImageLib-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/system/hdhomerun-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/system/libcpluff-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/system/libexif-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/libdvdcss-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/libdvdnav-${MACHINE_CPU}-netbsd.so
lib/kodi/xbmc-config.cmake
lib/xbmc
share/applications/kodi.desktop
share/doc/kodi/LICENSE.GPL
share/doc/kodi/README.linux
share/doc/kodi/copying.txt
share/doc/kodi/version.txt
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/kodi.png
share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/kodi.png
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.aac/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.aac/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.aac/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.aac/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.wma/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.wma/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.wma/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/audioencoder.xbmc.builtin.wma/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/kodi.audiodecoder/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/kodi.guilib/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/kodi.guilib/addon.xml.in
share/kodi/addons/kodi.resource/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/kodi.resource/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/kodi.resource/language.xsd
share/kodi/addons/kodi.resource/uisounds.xsd
share/kodi/addons/library.kodi.guilib/libKODI_guilib.h
share/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.addon/dlfcn-win32.cpp
share/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.addon/dlfcn-win32.h
share/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.addon/libXBMC_addon.h
share/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.codec/libXBMC_codec.h
share/kodi/addons/library.xbmc.pvr/libXBMC_pvr.h
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/albumuniversal.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Asturian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/English (Australia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Georgian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Latvian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.album.universal/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/artistuniversal.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Asturian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/English (Australia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Latvian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.artists.universal/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.allmusic.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.allmusic.com/allmusic.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.allmusic.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.fanart.tv/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.fanart.tv/fanarttv.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.fanart.tv/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.htbackdrops.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.htbackdrops.com/htbackdrops.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.htbackdrops.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.imdb.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.imdb.com/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.imdb.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.imdb.com/imdb.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.last.fm/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.last.fm/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.last.fm/lastfm.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.musicbrainz.org/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.musicbrainz.org/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.musicbrainz.org/musicbrainz.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.theaudiodb.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.theaudiodb.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.theaudiodb.com/tadb.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.themoviedb.org/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.themoviedb.org/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.common.themoviedb.org/tmdb.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.local/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.local/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.local/local.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.musicvideos.theaudiodb.com/tadb.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Albanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Malayalam/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Uzbek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.themoviedb.org/tmdb.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Albanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Armenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Azerbaijani/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/English (Australia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Faroese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Georgian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Latvian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Malayalam/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Maltese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Mongolian (Mongolia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Persian (Iran)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Uzbek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/metadata.tvdb.com/tvdb.xml
share/kodi/addons/repository.xbmc.org/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/repository.xbmc.org/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/resource.language.en_gb/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/resource.language.en_gb/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/resource.language.en_gb/resources/langinfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/resource.language.en_gb/resources/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/back.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/click.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/cursor.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/notify.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/out.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/shutter.wav
share/kodi/addons/resource.uisounds.confluence/resources/sounds.xml
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.black/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.black/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.af_za/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.am_et/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ar_sa/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.be_by/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.bg_bg/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ca_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.cs_cz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.cy_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.da_dk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.de_de/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.el_gr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.en_au/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.en_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.en_nz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.en_us/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.es_ar/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.es_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.es_mx/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.et_ee/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.eu_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.fa_ir/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.fi_fi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.fr_ca/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.fr_fr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.gl_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.he_il/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.hi_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.hr_hr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.hu_hu/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.id_id/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.is_is/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.it_it/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ja_jp/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ko_kr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.lt_lt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.lv_lv/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.mk_mk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ms_my/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.my_mm/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.nb_no/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.nl_nl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.pl_pl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.pt_br/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.pt_pt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ro_ro/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.ru_ru/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.sk_sk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.sl_si/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.sq_al/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.sv_se/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.tg_tj/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.th_th/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.tr_tr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.uk_ua/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.vi_vn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.zh_cn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/language/resource.language.zh_tw/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/screensaver.xbmc.builtin.dim/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/script.module.pil/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/LICENSE.txt
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/README.md
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/__init__.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/aptdeamonhandler.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/common.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/jsoninterface.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/shellhandlerapt.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/versions.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/lib/viewer.py
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/gotham-alpha_notice.txt
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Albanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Armenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Asturian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Burmese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/English (Australia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/English (New Zealand)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/English (US)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Faroese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/French (Canada)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Georgian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Latvian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Malay/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Malayalam/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Maltese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Mongolian (Mongolia)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Persian (Iran)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Tamil (India)/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Uzbek/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Vietnamese/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/language/Welsh/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/polkit/10-allow-update.pkla
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/polkit/README
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/resources/versions.txt
share/kodi/addons/service.xbmc.versioncheck/service.py
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/AddonBrowser.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogAddonInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogAddonSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogAlbumInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogBusy.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogButtonMenu.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogContentSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogContextMenu.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogExtendedProgressBar.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogFavourites.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogFileStacking.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogGamepad.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogKaiToast.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogKaraokeSongSelector.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogKaraokeSongSelectorLarge.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogKeyboard.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogMediaFilter.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogMediaSource.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogMuteBug.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogNetworkSetup.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogNumeric.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogOK.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRChannelManager.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRChannelsOSD.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRGroupManager.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRGuideInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRGuideOSD.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRGuideSearch.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRRecordingInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPVRTimerSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPeripheralManager.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPeripheralSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogPictureInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogProgress.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogSeekBar.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogSelect.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogSlider.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogSongInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogSubtitles.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogTextViewer.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogVideoInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogVolumeBar.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/DialogYesNo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/FileBrowser.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/FileManager.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/Font.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/Home.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/IncludesBackgroundBuilding.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/IncludesCodecFlagging.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/IncludesHomeMenuItems.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/IncludesHomeRecentlyAdded.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/IncludesPVR.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/LockSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/LoginScreen.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MusicKaraokeLyrics.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MusicOSD.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MusicOverlay.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MusicVisualisation.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyMusicNav.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyMusicPlaylist.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyMusicPlaylistEditor.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyMusicSongs.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPVRChannels.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPVRGuide.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPVRRecordings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPVRSearch.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPVRTimers.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPics.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyPrograms.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyVideoNav.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyVideoPlaylist.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/MyWeather.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/PlayerControls.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/Pointer.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ProfileSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/Settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SettingsCategory.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SettingsProfile.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SettingsScreenCalibration.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SettingsSystemInfo.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SkinSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SlideShow.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SmartPlaylistEditor.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/SmartPlaylistRule.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/Startup.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VideoFullScreen.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VideoOSD.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VideoOSDBookmarks.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VideoOSDSettings.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VideoOverlay.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsAddonBrowser.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsFileMode.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsLiveTV.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsMusicLibrary.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsPVRGuide.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsPictures.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsVideoLibrary.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/ViewsWeather.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/VisualisationPresetList.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/custom_SideMenuHelp.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/defaults.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/includes.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/script-NextAired-TVGuide.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/script-RSS_Editor-rssEditor.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/script-RSS_Editor-setEditor.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/script-cu-lrclyrics-main.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/720p/script-globalsearch-main.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/backgrounds/SKINDEFAULT.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/backgrounds/media-overlay.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/backgrounds/settings.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/backgrounds/tv.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/build.bat
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/colors/defaults.xml
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/fonts/LICENCE.txt
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/fonts/README.txt
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/fonts/Roboto-Bold.ttf
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/fonts/Roboto-Regular.ttf
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.af_za/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.am_et/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ar_sa/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.az_az/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.be_by/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.bg_bg/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.bs_ba/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ca_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.cs_cz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.cy_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.da_dk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.de_de/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.el_gr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.en_au/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.en_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.en_nz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.en_us/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.eo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.es_ar/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.es_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.es_mx/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.et_ee/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.eu_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fa_af/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fa_ir/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fi_fi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fo_fo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fr_ca/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.fr_fr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.gl_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.he_il/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.hi_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.hr_hr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.hu_hu/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.hy_am/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.id_id/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.is_is/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.it_it/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ja_jp/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ko_kr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.lt_lt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.lv_lv/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.mi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.mk_mk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ml_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.mn_mn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ms_my/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.mt_mt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.my_mm/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.nb_no/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.nl_nl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.pl_pl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.pt_br/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.pt_pt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ro_ro/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ru_ru/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.si_lk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sk_sk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sl_si/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sq_al/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sr_rs/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sr_rs@latin/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.sv_se/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.szl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.ta_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.te_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.tg_tj/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.th_th/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.tr_tr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.uk_ua/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.uz_uz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.vi_vn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.zh_cn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/language/resource.language.zh_tw/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CalibrateBottomRight.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CalibratePixelRatio.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CalibrateSubtitles.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CalibrateTopLeft.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating0.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating4.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/CenterRating/rating5.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Confluence_Logo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ContentPanel.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ContentPanelMirror.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultActor.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddSource.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddon.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonAlbumInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonArtistInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonAudioDecoder.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonAudioEncoder.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonContextItem.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonHelper.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonInfoProvider.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonLanguage.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonLibrary.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonLyrics.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonMovieInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonMusic.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonMusicVideoInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonNone.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonPVRClient.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonPicture.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonProgram.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonRepository.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonScreensaver.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonService.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonSkin.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonSubtitles.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonTvInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonUISounds.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonVideo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonVisualization.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonWeather.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAddonWebSkin.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAlbumCover.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultArtist.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultAudio.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultCDDA.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultDVDEmpty.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultDVDRom.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultFile.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultFolder.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultFolderBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultHardDisk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultIconError.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultIconInfo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultIconWarning.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultInProgressShows.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMovies.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicAlbums.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicArtists.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicCompilations.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicGenres.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicPlaylists.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicPlugins.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicRecentlyAdded.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicRecentlyPlayed.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicSongs.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicTop100.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicVideos.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultMusicYears.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultNetwork.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultPicture.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultPlaylist.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultProgram.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultRecentlyAddedEpisodes.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultRecentlyAddedMovies.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultRecentlyAddedMusicVideos.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultRemovableDisk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultTVShows.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVCD.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVideo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVideoCover.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVideoDeleted.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVideoPlaylists.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DefaultVideoPlugins.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogBack2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogCloseButton-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogCloseButton.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogContextBottom.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogContextMiddle.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/DialogContextTop.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Fanart_Diffuse.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Fanart_Fallback_Music_Small.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Fanart_Fallback_Small.jpg
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/GlassOverlay.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/GoFullscreen.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HasSub.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeBladeSub.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeNowPlayingBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeOverlay1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeSeperator.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeSubEnd.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeSubFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/HomeSubNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/InfoMessagePanel.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardCornerBottom.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardCornerBottomNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardCornerTop.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardCornerTopNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardEditArea.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardKey.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/KeyboardKeyNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating0.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating4.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/LeftRating/rating5.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Makefile
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Makefile.in
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/MediaBladeSub.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/MediaItemDetailBG.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/MenuItemFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/MenuItemNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSD16x.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSD2x.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSD32x.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSD4x.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSD8x.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDAudioFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDAudioNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDBookmarksFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDBookmarksNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelDownFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelDownNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelListFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelListNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelUPFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDChannelUPNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDDvdFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDDvdNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDForwardFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDForwardNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDLyricsFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDLyricsNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDNextTrackFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDNextTrackNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPause.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPauseFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPauseNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPlay.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPlayFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPlayNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPlaylistFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPlaylistNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPreFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPreNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPresetSettingsFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPresetSettingsNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPrevTrackFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDPrevTrackNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDProgressBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDProgressMid.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDProgressMidLight.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRandomOffFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRandomOffNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRandomOnFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRandomOnNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRecordOffFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRecordOffNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRecordOnFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRecordOnNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatAllFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatAllNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatOneFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRepeatOneNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRewindFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDRewindNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDSeekForward.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDSeekFrame.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDSeekRewind.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDStereoscopicFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDStereoscopicNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDStopFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDStopNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDSubtitlesFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDSubtitlesNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDTeleTextFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDTeleTextNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDVideoFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDVideoNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDVizFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDVizNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDepgFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OSDepgNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OverlayDialogBackground.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OverlayLocked.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OverlayRAR.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OverlayWatched.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/OverlayWatching.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/PVR-EpgProgressIndicator.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/PVR-HasRecording.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/PVR-HasTimer.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/PVR-IsRecording.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/RecentAddedBack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarH.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarH_bar.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarH_bar_focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarNib.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarV.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarV_bar.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ScrollBarV_bar_focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ShutdownButtonFocus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ShutdownButtonNoFocus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/SideFade.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/StackFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/StackNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/SubMenuBack-Footer.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/SubMenuBack-Header.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/SubMenuBack-MiddleFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/SubMenuBack-MiddleNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/-.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/LICENSE.txt
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ar.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/bg.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/bs.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ca.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/cs.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/da.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/de.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/el.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/en.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/es.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/et.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/fa.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/fi.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/fo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/fr.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/gl.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/he.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/hi.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/hr.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/hu.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/hy.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/id.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/is.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/it.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ja.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/kk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ko.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/lb.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/lt.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/lv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/mk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ms.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/nl.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/no.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/pb.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/pl.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/pt.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ro.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/ru.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/sk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/sl.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/sq.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/sr.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/sv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/tr.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/uk.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/vi.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/flags/zh.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/icon_close_caption.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/Subtitles/icon_sync.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ThumbBG.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ThumbBorder.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/ThumbShadow.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/VolumeIcon.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/arrow-big-left.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/arrow-big-right.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/black-back.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/black-back2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/busy.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/button-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/button-focus2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/button-nofocus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/defaultDVDFull.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/dialogheader.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/diffuse_mirror2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/diffuse_mirror3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/0.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/112.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/128.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/144.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/16.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/160.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/176.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/192.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/208.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/224.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/240.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/256.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/32.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/48.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/64.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/80.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/96.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/epg-genres/genre-numbers.txt
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/AudioLang.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/SubLang.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/1.33.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/1.37.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/1.66.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/1.78.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/1.85.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/2.20.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/2.35.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/2.40.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/2.55.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/aspectratio/2.76.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/0.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/10.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/4.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/5.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/6.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/7.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/8.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/aac.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/ac3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/aif.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/aifc.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/aiff.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/alac.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/ape.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/avc.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/cdda.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/dca.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/dts.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/dtshd_hra.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/dtshd_ma.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/eac3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/flac.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/mp1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/mp2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/mp3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/ogg.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/opus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/pcm.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/pcm_bluray.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/pcm_s16le.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/pcm_s24le.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/truehd.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/vorbis.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/wav.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/wavpack.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/wma.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/wmapro.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/audio/wmav2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/blank.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/1080.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/3D.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/480.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/4K.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/540.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/576.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/lists/720.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_general.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_nc17.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_notrated.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_pg.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_pg13.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/ratings/mpaa_restricted.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/1080.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/3D.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/480.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/4K.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/540.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/576.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/720.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/Set.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/avc1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/bluray.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/divx.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/dvd.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/flv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/h264.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/hddvd.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/hdmv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/hev1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/hevc.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/hvc1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/mpeg1video.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/mpeg2video.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/tv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/vc-1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/vhs.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/vp8.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/vp9.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/wmv.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/wmv3.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/wvc1.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/flagging/video/xvid.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/floor.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/floor_button.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/floor_buttonFO.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/folder-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/gradient.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/hint-overlay.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon-mute.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon-rss.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_addons.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_back.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_favourites.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_home.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_music.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_pictures.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_player.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_power.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_search.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_system.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_video.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/icon_weather.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/kodi-logo.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/osd_slider_bg.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/osd_slider_bg_2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/osd_slider_nib.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/osd_slider_nibNF.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/pointer-focus-click.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/pointer-focus-drag.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/pointer-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/pointer-nofocus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/radiobutton-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/radiobutton-nofocus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-down-2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-down-focus-2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-down-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-down.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-left-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-left.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-right-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-right.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-up-2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-up-focus-2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-up-focus.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/scroll-up.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/seekslider.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/seekslider2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/separator.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/separator2.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/separator_vertical.png
share/kodi/addons/skin.confluence/media/unknown-user.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/LICENSE
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/changelog.txt
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.af_za/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.am_et/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ar_sa/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.az_az/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.be_by/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.bg_bg/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.bs_ba/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ca_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.cs_cz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.cy_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.da_dk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.de_de/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.el_gr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.en_au/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.en_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.en_nz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.en_us/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.eo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.es_ar/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.es_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.es_mx/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.et_ee/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.eu_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fa_af/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fa_ir/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fi_fi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fo_fo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fr_ca/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.fr_fr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.gl_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.he_il/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.hi_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.hr_hr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.hu_hu/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.hy_am/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.id_id/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.is_is/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.it_it/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ja_jp/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ko_kr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.lt_lt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.lv_lv/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.mi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.mk_mk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.mn_mn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ms_my/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.mt_mt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.my_mm/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.nb_no/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.nl_nl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.pl_pl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.pt_br/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.pt_pt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ro_ro/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ru_ru/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.si_lk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sk_sk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sl_si/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sq_al/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs@latin/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.sv_se/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.szl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.ta_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.tg_tj/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.th_th/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.tr_tr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.uk_ua/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.uz_uz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.vi_vn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.zh_cn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/language/resource.language.zh_tw/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.fishbmc/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.af_za/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.am_et/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ar_sa/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.az_az/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.be_by/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.bg_bg/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.bs_ba/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ca_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.cs_cz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.cy_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.da_dk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.de_de/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.el_gr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.en_au/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.en_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.en_nz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.en_us/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.eo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.es_ar/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.es_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.es_mx/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.et_ee/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.eu_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fa_af/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fa_ir/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fi_fi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fo_fo/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fr_ca/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.fr_fr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.gl_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.he_il/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.hi_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.hr_hr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.hu_hu/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.hy_am/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.id_id/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.is_is/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.it_it/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ja_jp/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ko_kr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.lt_lt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.lv_lv/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.mi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.mk_mk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.mn_mn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ms_my/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.mt_mt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.my_mm/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.nb_no/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.nl_nl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.pl_pl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.pt_br/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.pt_pt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ro_ro/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ru_ru/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.si_lk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sk_sk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sl_si/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sq_al/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs@latin/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.sv_se/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.szl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.ta_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.te_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.tg_tj/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.th_th/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.tr_tr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.uk_ua/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.uz_uz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.vi_vn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.zh_cn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/language/resource.language.zh_tw/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.glspectrum/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/AlbumArtCube.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/AlbumArtCubeRain.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/AlbumArtStretch.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/AlbumArtWaveSpectrum.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/AlbumArtZoomer.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Awakenings.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Block.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/ChessMania.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeBlowOut.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeGrid.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeGridStrobe.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeGridWire.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeRain.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeSlide.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/CubeTunnel.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Cubes.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/DynamicCubeTunnel.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/FlipBoth.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/HamsterMatic.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/MentalHangover.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/MeteorShower.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/MiddleGrid.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/SingingSkull.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Slide.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/SpaceHarrier.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Speakers.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/SpectrumCylinder.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/SpectrumField.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/SpectrumSphere.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Sphere.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Square.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/StereoSpectrum.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/VoicePrintDonut.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WalkingCube.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WarpDrive.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WarpDriveTwist.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Wave.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WaveRing.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WaveScope.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/WaveZoomer.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/Woofer.vtx
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Presets/tunnel.tra
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Plasma_edge.jpg
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD1.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD2.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD3.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD4.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD5.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD6.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD7.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Skull_JawUD8.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Smiley.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Speaker.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Tex_Edge.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/Vortex_Credits.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/alien.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/aqua_ravines.jpg
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/bluestrip.dds
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/checker.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/checker_transp.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/env2.jpg
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/env3.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/env3_darker.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/huemap.jpg
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/skull.png
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/sky.dds
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/skybox.dds
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/trail2.dds
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/Textures/vortex-v.jpg
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.af_za/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.am_et/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ar_sa/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.be_by/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.bg_bg/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ca_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.cs_cz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.cy_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.da_dk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.de_de/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.el_gr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.en_au/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.en_gb/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.en_nz/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.en_us/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.es_ar/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.es_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.es_mx/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.et_ee/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.fa_ir/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.fi_fi/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.fr_ca/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.fr_fr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.gl_es/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.he_il/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.hr_hr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.hu_hu/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.id_id/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.is_is/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.it_it/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ja_jp/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ko_kr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.lt_lt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.lv_lv/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.mk_mk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ms_my/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.my_mm/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.nb_no/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.nl_nl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.pl_pl/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.pt_br/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.pt_pt/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ro_ro/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ru_ru/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.sk_sk/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.sl_si/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.sq_al/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.sr_rs@latin/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.sv_se/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.ta_in/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.tg_tj/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.th_th/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.tr_tr/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.uk_ua/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.vi_vn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.zh_cn/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/language/resource.language.zh_tw/strings.po
share/kodi/addons/visualization.vortex/resources/settings.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.waveform/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/visualization.waveform/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/css/core.css
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/css/ipad.css
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/favicon.ico
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/images/DefaultAlbumCover.png
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/images/DefaultVideo.png
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/images/ajax-loader.gif
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/images/close-button.png
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/images/remote.jpg
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/index.html
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/MediaLibrary.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/NowPlayingManager.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/iscroll-min.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/jquery-1.8.2.min.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/json2.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/xbmc.core.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/xbmc.init.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/xbmc.launcher.js
share/kodi/addons/webinterface.default/js/xbmc.rpc.js
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.addon/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.addon/addon.xml.in
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.addon/metadata.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.addon/repository.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.audioencoder/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.codec/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.core/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.gui/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.gui/skin.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.json/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.json/addon.xml.in
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.metadata/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.metadata/scraper.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.pvr/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.pvr/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/contextitem.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/icon.png
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/pluginsource.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/script.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.python/service.xsd
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.webinterface/addon.xml
share/kodi/addons/xbmc.webinterface/webinterface.xsd
share/kodi/media/Fonts/arial.ttf
share/kodi/media/Fonts/teletext.ttf
share/kodi/media/Splash.png
share/kodi/media/icon120x120.png
share/kodi/media/icon16x16.png
share/kodi/media/icon256x256.png
share/kodi/media/icon32x32.png
share/kodi/media/icon48x48.png
share/kodi/media/weather.zip
share/kodi/system/IRSSmap.xml
share/kodi/system/Lircmap.xml
share/kodi/system/X10-Lola-IRSSmap.xml
share/kodi/system/colors.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/arabic.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/bulgarian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/danish.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/english.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/german.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/greek.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/hebrew.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/hungarian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/lithuanian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/norwegian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/polish.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/portuguese.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/romanian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/russian.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/spanish.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/swedish.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/turkish.xml
share/kodi/system/keyboardlayouts/ukrainian.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/appcommand.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/gamepad.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Alienware.Dual.Compatible.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.AppleRemote.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Harmony.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Interact.AxisPad.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Logitech.RumblePad.2.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Microsoft.Xbox.360.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Microsoft.Xbox.Controller.S.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Nintendo.Wii.U.Pro.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Ouya.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.PS3.Remote.Keyboard.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.PS4.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.Sony.PLAYSTATION(R)3.Controller.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.WiiRemote.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/joystick.xml.sample
share/kodi/system/keymaps/keyboard.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/mouse.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/nyxboard/keyboard.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/remote.xml
share/kodi/system/keymaps/touchscreen.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/albums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/artists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/compilations.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/genres.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/albums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/artists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/directors.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/genres.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/index.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/studios.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/tags.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/titles.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/musicvideos/years.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/playlists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/recentlyaddedalbums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/recentlyplayedalbums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/singles.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/songs.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/top100/index.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/top100/top100albums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/top100/top100songs.xml
share/kodi/system/library/music/years.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/addons.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/files.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/inprogressshows.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/actors.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/country.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/directors.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/genres.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/index.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/sets.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/studios.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/tags.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/titles.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/movies/years.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/albums.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/artists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/directors.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/genres.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/index.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/studios.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/tags.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/titles.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/musicvideos/years.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/playlists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/recentlyaddedepisodes.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/recentlyaddedmovies.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/recentlyaddedmusicvideos.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/actors.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/genres.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/index.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/studios.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/tags.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/titles.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video/tvshows/years.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/addons.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/files.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/inprogressshows.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/movies.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/musicvideos.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/playlists.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/recentlyaddedepisodes.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/recentlyaddedmovies.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/recentlyaddedmusicvideos.xml
share/kodi/system/library/video_flat/tvshows.xml
share/kodi/system/peripherals.xml
share/kodi/system/playercorefactory.xml
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-autohint.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-no-sub-pixel.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-bgr.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-rgb.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vbgr.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vrgb.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/10-unhinted.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/20-fix-globaladvance.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/20-lohit-gujarati.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/20-unhint-small-vera.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/30-amt-aliases.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/30-urw-aliases.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/40-generic.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/49-sansserif.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/50-user.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/51-local.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/60-latin.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/65-fonts-persian.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/65-nonlatin.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/69-unifont.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/70-yes-bitmaps.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/80-delicious.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/90-synthetic.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.avail/README
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-fix-globaladvance.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-lohit-gujarati.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-vera.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/30-amt-aliases.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/30-urw-aliases.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/40-generic.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/49-sansserif.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/50-user.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/51-local.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-latin.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-fonts-persian.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-nonlatin.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/69-unifont.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/80-delicious.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/conf.d/90-synthetic.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/fonts.conf
share/kodi/system/players/dvdplayer/etc/fonts/fonts.dtd
share/kodi/system/python/readme.txt
share/kodi/system/settings/android.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/darwin.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/darwin_ios.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/darwin_ios_atv2.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/darwin_osx.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/freebsd.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/imx6.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/linux.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/rbp.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/rbp2.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/settings.xml
share/kodi/system/settings/win32.xml
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolution-4x4.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolution-4x4_d3d.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolution-6x6.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolution-6x6_d3d.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolutionsep-4x4_d3d.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/convolutionsep-6x6_d3d.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_default.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_fonts.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_multi.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_multi_blendcolor.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_rgba.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_rgba_blendcolor.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_rgba_bob.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_rgba_bob_oes.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_rgba_oes.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_texture.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_frag_texture_noblend.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/guishader_vert.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/stretch.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/testshader.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_2d.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_2d_UYVY.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_2d_YUY2.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_gles.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_rect.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_rect_UYVY.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_basic_rect_YUY2.arb
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_bob.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_bob_gles.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_d3d.fx
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_vertex.glsl
share/kodi/system/shaders/yuv2rgb_vertex_gles.glsl
share/kodi/userdata/ModeLines_template.xml
share/kodi/userdata/RssFeeds.xml
share/xbmc
share/xsessions/kodi.desktop
share/xsessions/xbmc.desktop
