The bundle provides six packages: - datatool.sty: databases may
be created using LaTeX commands or by importing external files;
they may be sorted numerically or alphabetically; repetitive
operations (such as mail merging) may be performed on each row
of a database, subject to conditions to exclude particular
rows; commands are provided to examine database elements, and
to convert formats (for example, to convert a numeric element
to a format compatible with the fp package; - datapie.sty: a
database may be represented as a pie chart; flexible options
allow colouring of the chart, and annotation hooks are
available; - dataplot.sty: a database may be represented as a
2-dimensional scatter or line plot; flexible options control of
the plot's overall appearance, and of legends and other extra
information; - databar.sty: a database may be represented as a
bar chart; overall appearance, colouring and annotation are
controllable; - databib.sty: a bibliography may be loaded into
a datatool database, and manipulated there before being printed
(this permits a LaTeX-based route to printing bibliographies in
formats for which no BibTeX style is available); and -
person.sty: provides support for displaying a person's name and
pronoun in a document, thus avoiding cumbersome use of
"he/she", etc. The drawing packages make use of PGF/TikZ for
their output. The bundle replaces and supersedes the author's
csvtools bundle.
