Arabic-Latin Modern Fixed is an extension of TeX-Gyre Latin
Modern Mono 10 Regular. Every glyph and opentype feature of the
Latin Modern Mono has been retained, with minor improvements.
On the other hand, we have changed the vertical metrics of the
font. Although the Arabic script is designed to use the same x-
size as Latin Modern Mono, the former script needs greater
ascender and descender space. Every Arabic glyph in each
Unicode-code block is supported (up to Unicode 7.0): Arabic,
Arabic Supplement, Arabic Extended, Arabic Presentation-Forms
A, and Arabic Presentation-Forms B. There are two versions of
the font: otf and ttf. The opentype version is for print
applications (and usually the default for TeX). The TrueType
version is for on-screen applications such as text editors.
Hinting in the ttf version is much better for on-screen, at
least on Microsoft Windows. The most unique feature of Arabic-
Latin Modern is in its treatment of vowels and diacritics. Each
vowel and diacritic (ALM Fixed contains a total of 68 such
glyphs) can now be edited horizontally within any text editor
or processor. The author believes this is the very first
opentype Arabic font ever to have this capability. Editing
complex Arabic texts will now be much easier to input and to
proofread.
